This is a project we're going to build in this module,
It's not super complicated but it does use animations,
it does use components.
We get this super quiz where we have to answer some questions or some mathematical questions, some addition
questions, not that difficult to be honest.
But then here for example, we say yeah this should be 100 and we have this nice animation showing once we answer,
so here we are using what we learned before, some things of what we learned before with that animation
at least
and that should allow you to build upon this and dive deeper into that and challenge you even more regarding
animations.
So this would be a good starting point,
try building this application with maybe dynamic components for this part here where we are able to
answer this and switch our question and some animations in there. In the next video, I'll start building
this myself and walk you through my solution which you may use as a comparation or of course as always,
challenge it, try to improve it try to find different ways to achieve the same. See you in the video.